Hi everyone, today I will show you my hanging ones
in May this month was
my birthday month so I am
granted some small whim then there
I will also show the gifts I received
the first thing I want to show you is
super very curious and super hairy
I'm talking about my young to whom
I'm joking
okay okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
the first thing I want to show you is a
gift that friends made me from
lush and I love so I leave you will understand
when I'm excited about this thing
inside the box there was a shower
olive oil and citrus foam but it is
really very good if not me
especially like citrus fruits
this foam is really really
good you have all a lemon and soap
sand and even this with perfume
crazy really delicious a scrub
to sugar and I don't know what that
I have not tried it yet
ginger and sugar in fact and by some
part below where he also buried
one of those massage oils
here is that this is always lemon type
coconut and cocoa butter other gift
received from my friends and this desire
of danny roses that probably not
will be able to make you see in full
because it's wide enough anyway
white with this black star and the
particularity is that with a long sleeve e
the other one is not there, actually
a sleeve that engages for
simulate a second sleeve
but I like it more like that with a sleeve or
cut we pass to the various books has
received percy jackson and the thief of
lightning and yes I had never read
percy jackson so I was
very happy to receive it so I have
an opportunity to see if it really is
nice as they say
and since I've already said this in this book
and I liked it but I won't tell you anything else
because good will also come out the video of
the beds during this month I have
also bought the second and third o
at least I hope they are the second
third and as the style of the writer
I am really pleased with it
also take another of his books
or of the chronic one is always a sa
that this is the first other book volume
who gave me encyclopedia of the
Japanese monsters this book is
something super wow because I can
more than a year I want to buy it but
it cost a little bit so I have so
lent of my birthday for
ask for it and it's beautiful I adore the
Japanese stories and especially those
who talk about monsters because they are a lot
details he received then graceling a
another book I absolutely could not
let me escape because it is a fantasy I have
heard the erika very well
so give me enough of his
judgment and I see absolutely no time
to read it another book that you
very curious that I made myself
give and intrigue me as a program
because he knew me a lot about story history
hunger games but you'll know more about it
videos on the books of the month I took advantage
of library discounts to buy
also the infinite story that they don't have
never read and I'm super curious about
read and among other things the library mi
they also brought this little book
companion agec commanded by the city of
google but I don't have the faintest
idea of ​​what you talk a few days ago
I then posted a photo of a book that
I was reading, however, the psychiatrist of
wolf sleeps many of you have me
suggested another book of his that
I accidentally found in a store
used books so I took advantage of it
to finally buy it on bukvic I got it
can rossonero of agatha christie yes
slowly I'm recovering all the
various books novels tales of forò
because I stradone it and therefore more than a
fail to take everything keep of
go to the comics I received the
curious investigations of pure and can not
understand how happy I am to have a
comic on true because I adore then I have
I think we also understood enough ho
then received a comic in silent voices
really beautiful that I said in
English
as soon as I found out it also came out in
Italian I decided to give myself a gift
because a comic book really very much
beautiful you will hear about at
here on the canal I was on a snow of
I need to be honest hatori I don't know
nothing about this comic I haven't read the
I don't know what you're talking about, I think it is
a show because it's written here
side
what drove me to fix
this comic is the author because
various biscuit wrote oscar then
he said as soon as I saw a new comic
well i don't care what they do
I have to buy it finally released on
third of orange so I couldn't not
I haven't read it yet, but I am
super curious to see how it goes on
this story because now I will have done it
an 80 head was so orange but it is a
really beautiful last comic
game balloon and the number 14 is the
final volume that closes this series e
I'm a little sad but on the one hand I'm
also glad that the story is over
because I think they have stretched it a
much more especially in the last numbers
but it was a really great story
very nice that I liked so much and
finally the dreaded number 15 of
attack of giants the cover makes me
I really don't dislike it for
nothing and probably this is the
do what i do when i look
this cover because of
amazon there were really promotions
amazing with regards to blu ray
I decided to stock up on some
animated films that I miss in
particular I took the wind rises
comisso al chino and that I loved and
cried practically all the time
the howl wandering castle I saw
once only so long ago e
I can't wait to see it again
mononoke princess and that i saw
this too is really good at the cinema
nice beautiful nice i love it
as well as the enchanted city too
this when they returned to the cinema
I went to see him because at the cinema
really a whole other impression then
they changed the dubbing though
I honestly didn't notice
so much because I had seen a lot of it
long ago and I did not remember
the kooks and I restitute them because yes I do
I scrape the sky only on videotape
and you can't see it much less because I have
seen so many times in
unfortunately the videocassette gets ruined e
so I decided to buy it blu ray
I can not wait to see him again the time we are almost
in the end don't worry these are
the last gifts I received from
my sisters are this beautiful cover
with lobster that bites the apple apple and me
I really love this cover
lot
the astuccio zum zum diminu which extract
item inside it's all I'm about to pelus everything
super soft and nino is beautiful between
the other vaguely resembles foods that
well yes maybe you will have noticed a
change in the background because the last one
gift my sister gave me is
this big sticks ie you see how much
it's great it doesn't fit in the camera
because giant is huge and proper
immense and is super morbid and ssimo is
still the label because I don't decide
never wet the labels but it is super
giant I don't know what easy fake
man likes a lot
these were all mine
purchases of the month bar gifts of
birthday i hope he saw you there
liked let me know below what
think and if this kind of video there
like it because I don't make so many purchases
generally because I tend to save
however when I make purchases I do them
substantial budget what description
all the titles of the comic books I have
quoted in case you had forgotten to
say some important information
you can also find t links on the various social networks
facebook twitter
instagram it has therefore been seen
nice you want to follow me you can
look for me on the various social networks and I hope nothing
that you enjoyed and see you at
next one
Hello